in the middle of wattwil right next to the
partie and the miniature golf course lies
under the open sky the areal the
open children's site wattwil
here is stone with wooden inhibitor
media support and many more built
Everything that can hold its own
what can be built
to the children with diverse
Handling building materials and tools
and when needed they are also
competent supervisors
to the side
for the parents their children on the
accompany construction site is on site
little song available
Here you can relax with a coffee
Drink a piece of cake and eat hers
little little hardworking women
psychologically watching children
creatively and independently operated that
you in freedom and responsibility and
the self-positivity or potential
Foremost is kinkel himself
decide what and what
tools and what means to do so
is used and try that
to their social ability, the
tactile and motor skills though
also the integrative abilities could
get to know each other and the angriest and there
very important that you like
low-threshold access to the project can
the possible teaching project becomes
free and one after some time
again
communication devices but also times
trend so your phone
we have a small boat a big balcony
with a large balcony
my job is fun there too
react very quickly
and me too from last year
I think that's important too
in twitter show that you also the
drive matura to hanau and not always
I'll just say it
Electronic beats on really something
out with wind and weather and zone
that is all there is
you need to spend the afternoon
or let's just start looking for it
are a child was with their performance
are very popular the quite politician and
entrepreneur of avent brice grad hot
is if you have a tie denkmalhof
Children are all just what
so stand and only when the mega-
would have expected but because so is
Perfect
the parliament unfortunately and it would have the
wrong spot function more
The offer is aimed at all children
until the twelfth year of life and is
free
for the purpose of each one from may to
september on wednesday from two to six
and supervised on Saturday from 10am to 2pm
but the opening times outside a
supervised starts areal and infrastructure
for example for group trips or
School class available for free
Now she is learning gradmann week
and that over eleven times in the air
In the bar you can find the whole city
very different films during the week
you can tell that just behind
especially self-reliant are the
At first , it will look like this
if you have just email with those
she and with them creates the areal
Afford
and he notices you if you use them several times
that always become more independent and
The project will be less taken care of
from open children and youth work
organized and carried out
but to provide material and
infrastructure and organization of the
to acquire care in the financial
Area and material area
supported and that are
mainly
where is the areal free delivered with
are supported or cantons no matter where
it about the children and adolescents
Credit in the financial sector
Supported and main sponsor in construction company
paraguay contact peter pacult one to
provides and quite a lot to us
craft business the wait and region
where is with colors and materials
we put it with one
consumption in autumn is now the areal
rebuilt so that the children in the
spring the next leg in attack
can take
because as long as the reserve construction land of
community is not overbuilt it is the
children will be able to use the areal
and in turn built to create
for information about the project
samuel roth head of the open
youth work of the community like to
disposal
contact information can be found at
www.azx.ca